Remove AWS-only note for `databricks_service_principal_secret` resource (#3213)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/service_principal_secret.md

---
# databricks_service_principal_secret Resource

> -> **Note** This resource could be used only with account-level provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note** This resource can only be used with an account-level provider.
```
